he's very spontaneous. He's been like that since we started dating 10 years ago.
always liked to surprise me. It makes him feel good. I mean, it's wonderful. You
ask for something better. I'm gonna go with the necklace. That's an all-around,
nice, everyday piece that she can wear as casual and just for whenever we go
out. I think she'll love it. Can you wrap that up 10 thank you. Folks, would you
a ride in the park 10 sure. Wonderful. It's like a fairy tale. Rob: There's more
come. Oh, boy. Oh, my god. You like it 10 i love it. 10 gasps 10 let me see if
we can get this one off and replace it with the new super mom award. This is
beautiful. Thank you. We're off to another surprise. Oh, boy. We're trying to
make this a surprise. We're hiding under some bushes, behind some bushes back
here. We're waiting for them to come, and then we're gonna run out and surprise
them. I think she's gonna be floored. How nice 10 pulled carriage 10 no, thank
you. Is that them now 10 how did we get to... Tavern on the green 10 10 we
walked here. Surprise 10 aah 10 10 laughing 10 what are you doing 10 jason: Look
us 10 it's the godparents 10 oh, we wouldn't miss it for the world 10 jennifer:
rob has been wonderful to maureen. And he's a wonderful husband, as well as a
father. He's always looking out to surprise her and make her happy. This
completes your super mommy day. We're gonna have lunch with our best friends...
and the godparents to baby "h." all right 10 let's party. We could have a big
coming-out party. No 10 come on 10 come on, right now. Some people say when you
have three kids or one or two kids, everything changes. It doesn't change for
them. It didn't change for us. They're gonna be as outgoing. They're gonna be
wanting to have fun and get people together and stuff like that and have
parties. They're still gonna be the same to me. Thank you, guys. Thank you for
my wife 10 10 being my wife and being the best mother that anybody could ask
for. Aw, thanks 10 10 chuckles 10 very nice. Rob: What's up 10 getting my bag
ready. 10 laughs 10 why 10 ready for what 10 for tomorrow. And tomorrow is 10
tomorrow's the day we're gonna have another baby. A baby boy or a baby girl 10
"oh, baby." "oh, baby" is right. Oh, baby. Rob: Where are we going, ash 10 the
baby's coming. Maureen: Where are we going 10 hospital 10 and how are you doing
10 very nervous, very sweaty, and i'm starting to cough. Oh, boy, that's the
nervous cough. Everyone knows about the nervous cough. Yes. And there's the
hospital, right there. Oh, there it is. There it is 10 we're here 10 it's time
to have a baby 10 a baby boy or baby girl, nobody knows 10 ashley: But daddy.
just daddy. Very nervous. You ready for this 10 this one looks like a blondie,
too. Here it comes. What is it 10 10 man on tv 10 0 0 0 the home side has
something going now, and the crowd is loving it. 0 male announcer 0 pete herman
brought his glass into the kitchen... And put it in the dishwasher. Give that
guy a klondike bar. 0 woman 0 what would you do... For a klondike bar 0 think
being a big sister means you have to spend all day stuck in a library 0 think
again. 0 laughs 0 to learn more about becoming a big brother or big sister,
call... Rob: It's about 10 :30, 11 :00. Me and maureen are about to go in and
have the baby 11 11 c-section. She still has no clue what it is. It might be a
boy, it might be a girl. 11 laughter 11 the thing i'm most anxious about is
actually seeing what it is, whether it's a boy or girl and how i'm gonna do it.
i have a baby at home, she's only 19 months old. She's going through that
separation period where she wants me, so it's gonna be rough. Can i walk out and
on my daughter 19 woman: Yes, you may. You can't go off the floor. I'm just
gonna go check on her. Rob: Ashley's very good with alexa. She's the second mom
in the house, and she helps out a real lot. She's definitely the second mom in
the house. I want to put this on you. Go ahead. Stop. Go ahead. I can't wait for
to see the new baby boy or baby girl. Give me a kiss. See you later. Alligator.
see you awhile, crocodile. There he is 19 how you doing 19 how are you 19
maureen: Nervous as ever. It's normal to be nervous. Maureen's first cesarean
section was the result of a prolonged labor. She had a repeat cesarean section
for her second pregnancy. And 19 19 as is per our routine 19 19 for the third
one, she needs to have another cesarean section. Not too big 19 19 7 1 how big
was the last one 1 8.2 0 rob: Then ashley was 7 0 0 7.9 0 all right, so as soon
as we get everybody ready, we'll head back and we'll have your baby. Don't get
nervous. You're gonna be all right. Man: Are you nervous 0 i'm very nervous 0 0
just having a third baby, and just the whole maureen being cut open for the
third time. We have a good doctor and we have full faith in him. So everything's
be fine. You have any pain, mo 0 maureen: No. That's it. I'm ready to roll...
i'm ready to have a baby. A 0 claps 0 woman: All right. I'm gonna go get daddy.
okay, let's rock 'n' roll. How is she doing 0 great. She's absolutely wonderful.
maureen, we started. If you feel nauseous, i have it here. You all right 0 why
are you crying 0 the baby's moving. Do you feel it 0 i'm not hurting you,
maureen, am i 0 no. I just feel like jelly. 0 chuckling 0 you ready for this 0
i'm ready. Dr. Karanikolis: We got a few more minutes. We're taking our time,
doing it right. Not too much scar tissue 0 0 that's good. Rob: Nice. Can you put
knot in those tubes 0 no, it's a catholic hospital. 0 laughter 0 both my girls
were born with lots of blonde hair. Okay, we'll see. Okay. Hemostat. Here it
comes. What is it 0 man: You are ready with your camera 0 yeah. Suction ready.
all right, we're gonna go. Here it comes. 0 chuckling 0 ready 0 oh, this one
looks like a blondie, too. Blondie. And... There we go. There we go. You're
gonna feel a lot of pressure now, okay 0 you okay 0 dad, do you want to stand up
it's a boy. Look at that. You didn't tell me what his name's gonna be. Rob:
possibly daniel. Daniel 0 well, there's daniel. 0 laughs 0 all right. Woman:
this is a very blond kid. Very, very blond. He's very cute. Very. Does he look
like anybody 0 it's not the milkman. 0 laughs 0 rob, do you want to cut the cord
yes. 0 daniel crying 0 hey. Right above the clamp, not my finger. Is that it 0
ye all right. Very, very nice. All right. Thank you. 8 8 8 8 , 2 2 uh, 8 1 rob:
yeah, that big 1 and... 8 , 9 maureen: Hey, i was right. Yeah, you were right on
money. That is a big boy. Very nice. Rob: A ton of blond hair. Maureen: Oh, my
god. Aw 9 very nice. Our baby. 9 laughs 9 he takes after his father. Okay, here
you go. Hello, baby. Aw 9 look. 9 laughs 9 okay, i'm gonna give him to the dad
to hold, okay 9 here you go. Congratulations. Thank you. Hi, mommy. I love you.
i waited so long for you. You got a smushy nose. Are we ready to roll 9 okay.
see you, mommy. Good job, mommy, again. We're gonna take a walk and go see
ashley and tell her she has a new baby brother. And she gonna announce it to
everybody. Ready 9 you ready 9 it's a boy 9 9 cheers and applause 9 it's a boy 9
a boy 9 yay 9 congratulations. Oh, he's beautiful. Rob: Look at the blond hair
already. Are you happy 9 come here. Come here. 9 sniffles 9 that's your brother.
food disappear... 0 0 0 anyway they can. Good thing there's pediasure. It helps
fill nutritional gaps-with complete, balanced nutrition. And great taste.
pediasure. Be sure. Come meet my brother daniel. 0 crying 0 0 coughing 0 ohh 0
having three children is difficult. This is so hard. I don't have enough hands.
i need more hands to take care of you. Ashley: Mama. Mama. Daniel has acid
reflux. He has a spasmatic stomach. His stomach is in knots. We've been back and
to the doctor's. He's been screaming during the day. 0 crying 0 no, no, no, no,
no. He's on two different types of medicine for his stomach. And ever since
then, he's been okay. But it's been rough, 'cause i have to tend to him, whereas
and alexa need the attention, as well. It's hard because i have to try and split
time by myself. 0 giggles 0 all right. Everybody sit down. All the ducks in a
row. It's hard when i'm alone. I need rob around as much as i can. It's hard
because he's working a lot of overtime and i'm here by myself. Maureen: Rob,
they're coming upstairs. All right. Rob: It's hard being at work and knowing my
kids are here and not being home. It's just very hard. But maureen gets through.
will take them to the pool. She'll put one to sleep, bring the monitor out by
the pool. It's hard, but we get through it. Et ash, you have to watch her,
'cause i'm making this bottle. Rob, are you making a mess 0 absolutely not. I
got everything under control. It's all about juggling hers, his, and mine. And
we just get through it. It's very hard, though. Daddy's making a mess. Don't
tell mommy, all right 0 where are the diapers at 0 back there 0 rob is a pro at
taking care of infants. It came natural to him even with our first. It came
instantly to him. I hope he don't pee on me. 0 laughs 0 open that diaper up
quick. Having a son is very different, especially when you change diapers and
you get peed all over. It's happened several times. It's different having a son,
it's different in a good way. I didn't get peed on. Good job, dad. Right 0 "good
daddy 0 good job 0 " ashley and alexa are wonderful with daniel, especially
ashley, the older one. She is such a big help. Watch what you're doing. She gets
whatever i need. She constantly kisses him, tells him she loves him, and hugs
him, and wants to totally be part of taking care of him. Good girl. L. And alexa
0 she's curious. If she's holding daniel in her lap, she'll touch his eyes.
she'll touch his nose. Is that to wipe danny's face 0 you got to be careful.
she's been really, really good with him. Go 0 ahh 0 rob made it a point to teach
girls how to swim. Who wants to go up in the air 0 1 0 0.2 0 0 0.3 0.3 they love
water. Hopefully, danny will do the same. More children 0.3 probably not. I
think we're done. I think if you ask maureen, she's done. God willing, if it
happens, it happens, but we're done. I really wanted four, but it's a lot of
work. I think if alexa was a little bit older, it would have been a little
easier. She's still in that very needy stage. Her terrible 2 s are kicking in,
and so she's whining. It's rough having a newborn and dealing with that, as
well. Hold on. You're gonna go under, okay 2 ready 2 1 0 0.2 0 0 0.3 0.3 for the
my family is complete. I think three is enough. Bye 0.3 say bye 0.3 bye 0.3 0.3
0.3 captions by vitac 0.3 0.3 www.vitac.com captions paid for by discovery
communications, inc. Doug: Frank, we're in l.a. The sun is shining. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. Why you so grumpy today 0.3 this is sort of new to me, this whole psychic
thing. Doug: I live in new york city, and there are a lot of people that are
psychics there. But l.a. Really attracts the majority of psychics. I mean, you
can't swing a dead cat without hitting a psychic. It's very unusual work we do,
and a lot of people, frankly, are a bit shocked when we say we're the psychic
twins. They really don't know what to do with that. Frank, they're people.
they're psychics. Well, the whole truth is there are just too many beautiful
people running around. You're beautiful. Let's go in and get a reading. Stop
pushing. 0.3 0.3 captions by vitac 0.3 0.3 www.vitac.com captions paid for by
discovery communications, inc. Just because we're dealing with psychics here
isn't going to change the way i'm envisioning the space. It's business as usual.
the aluminum foil keeps my thoughts from going out into space. This will protect
so people won't be rummaging around my head trying to find out things i've got
in there. I like what's in there, to keep it private. I don't want anybody
rummaging around in it. Oh, frank, lunch 0.3 put a lid on it, doug. Come on, we
got a psychic reading to go to. Where 0.3 right here. We've come here to get a
psychic reading prior to these rooms to kind of get a feel for what we're
involved in. D woman: Very different. Very challenging, too. This is gonna be
great. Is there another individual who just wants to take over 0.3 you got
faber, and he likes to, you know, go with his own concepts. It's gonna be a
little challenging in the beginning, but it's gonna work out great. They say i'm
intuitive. I would say you are. Everyone's intuitive. Everyone's psychic. It's
just letting go and letting god sometimes. You're, what, a libra 0.3 okay, and
i'm a scorpio. 0.3 laughs 0.3 libras can be a little more even-flowing, and
scorpio's a very intense sign. And they tend to want to control. All right,
let's take this knowledge and go put it into the rooms. That's right, but get
past the stereotype of what you feel a psychic is or isn't. Terry: We're the
psychic twins, and we're the only psychic twins in the world. Linda: We have a
client base in 20 different countries, and we work out of our home, right here
in los angeles. What i do is not mind reading. It's not science. It's being in
tune with the infinnge intelligence. And getting the answers through that
intelligence and reading their energy. 20 italian accent 20 what melissa does is
psychic healer. Okay, so this is our living room. This is where we do all of our
readings. We'd like to go a little bit more mystical in feel because people walk
here 20 20 we want them to feel embraced, like in a magical setting, that
somehow they've stepped into this sacred space where their life could possibly
be transformed. This is our living room. This is where we do readings and
entertain. We want to create more warmth here, and i can see the walls in a
warmer color so that, when i do readings here, the people feel more comfortable.
a little bit of drapery treatment for the window would make it a little softer
and more welcoming. That would be awesome. I'm sensing this way. Hi 20 hi 20 we
love you. Oh, i love y'all, too. Melissa 20 how are you 20 terrific, thank you.
very nice meeting you. Guillermo. Guillermo. My southern chivalry is totally
gone, 'cause at this point, i don't know who's terry and who's linda. I'm terry.
terry. Okay. Interchangeable. You should monogram your pockets just for me. Do
you have any ideas of what i might be creating for you 20 uh, well... Are you
sensing it 20 yes, i'm sensing it. Are there vibes coming to you 20 something
warm, something inviting. Are y'all ready for this 20 we are just so excited.
well, there's a couple things we need to cover before we start. I want you to do
reading, okay 20 'cause i've been read before, and you know what 20 whenever i
get information from a reader, it's always interesting to see how much of it
pans out. I have these three envelopes, and what i'm gonna have you do is to do
a reading of me. Okay. And you'll put them in the envelopes. You will not tell
me what's in them. And this will be your benefit for a better room over the
progression of two days. If you are correct, which i know you're going to be,
then you get bonus money and maybe some bonus things for your house. Let's go in
living room. Let's get this thing done, and we can start. Melissa: How my
readings work is that sometimes i use cards. I use people's handwriting. So, if
you pick three cards for me... Sometimes i just tune right into a person because
so open that i can just read everything at that moment. Doug: Actually, i'm a
little nervous. Oh, you are, huh 20 i've had a number of readings in my life,
and i am a believer. However, i don't think everybody who calls themselves a
psychic really does have the ability to do it. You're in the middle of a lot of
changes right now. Linda: What we're doing is something called "automatic
writing," or "spirit writing." we're actually allowing our hands to move across
the page without our conscious direction. And it's as if another force is
writing through our hands. Terry: Really, it's a tool. We give people tools for
spiritual change. You have a few spirit guides 20 20 somebody named oliver. It's
interesting. Recently, we had a friend whose name was oliver, passed away 20 20
because he was a glass blower. That's him, and i want to show you where i wrote
"glass" right here before you even arrived. Melissa: This person is not
listening. They're being very stubborn. Doug: So it's the women in my family.
why are women so stubborn 20 that's what guillermo says about me, too. It's
really odd because my wife collects glass. I knew that, too. Didn't i say that
to you 20 okay, here it is 20 20 "collector" right here. This is getting a
little eerie. Doug: Write down three things that you have gotten from talking
with me. I'm gonna keep these. I'm gonna open them up the next couple of days
and see how correct you were. You have to go to the other house and work your
magic there. Such a great honor to meet you. And a pleasure to meet you, frank.
fly, my children, and do your best. We are looking forward. We predict you are
gonna have a wonderful time. Bye-bye. Carter: Terry, linda 20 it's carter 20 how
you 20 pleasure to meet you. Come on in. Let's meet your designer. Psychic twins
20 wow 20 oh, hi, faber. So good to see you. Let's do it. Crazy 20 20 craziness
all the way around. Oh, it's doug 20 oh, my gosh 20 i can't believe it 20 doug,
oh, god 20 ugh, get away from me. How are you, melissa 20 i'm melissa. Nice to
meet you. Very nice meeting you. How are you 20 i'm fine. We're gonna take this
whole room and go into the dining area and do this whole space. That's a
fantastic idea. What i'd like to do is do a curtain. There are a few obstacles
in this room. We can't do any built-ins cause it's a rental property. So i'm
gonna work around that. We're gonna put some great color on the walls. I'm gonna
to cordon off the dining area, some nice sort of "built-in" bookcases, but not
built-in. Shh...don't tell anyone. They're really kind of built-in. With your
help, i'm seeing more of a mystical environment. The key parts of the room that
we're addressing are the sitting area, which they do a consultation. We're also
going to address the dining area. The whole issue in this room is getting rid of
clutter and making a setting. This is an interesting piece 20 20 this tabletop.
carter: Melissa and guillermo have this resin, green table, and instead of using
as a table, we're gonna flip it up and use it as art. Here's what i would like
to do 20 20 give them a storage unit and and office for their art supplies here.
frank has been very gentle on me this episode. He just wants me to build him an
entertainment that will incorporate two little workstations for the twins. I
would like to have a very, very russian look to this room. Do you know what i'm
getting at 20 dark woods, the byzantine period. We are looking for cheap but
rich. And we're gonna go looking for accessories. We've got some extra money on
this 20 20 yeah, for this room, so we may be able to find a nice light fixture.
and that's what i'm gonna send you guys out to do. Okay. Frank: Oh, look at
this. Wow, that's in keeping with your russian theme and our purple. We're at
the psychic eye book annex, and we're looking for the right accessory for a
table. Let's see what they got here. I hope they have what we need here.
beautiful. Yeah. My psychic instincts are leading me this way. I see a glimmer
of silver. You see where i'm looking 20 i'm going straight for it. Melissa: Oh,
wow. Oh, wow. That would be terrific. What is the price on that 20 oh, it's 20
159 , and i think that he might be able to give us a discount. So, yay. So,
we're really thrilled. We found the light fixture that we were looking for. It's
of kitschy, kind of campy. And it's a small room, so we didn't want it to be too
and overpowering. Let's pick up some of these peacock feathers. I think 10 of
those. Yeah, i think that'll make a great impression. Frank: The chalice cost 10
, plus we splurged on 10 peacock feathers. There's a naked bird somewhere here
in los angeles. Rr olrr "6alrannouncer 10 just because you've got a lot of clean
rrr t>rdorr rrrrr rr rr doesn't mean you need a full sized paper towel to do it.
select-a-size. Rrr:rzna n 10 rrrr each sheet is 45 45 smaller. R: But
rbbrrrrr:rrrrr lab tests prove that, when wet, oujrl72rl 45 r 45 rlrionger than
their full sized sheet. Rrrr ry > 45 that cleans small spil2rrrrr 45
rrrrrrlrrrrrr rrr:rb >r 45 a6r 45 rrr rrr:fjrr jrfr rrfr 6 r rrrrrr kids never
slow down. Minute maid kids 6 orange juice is a smart way... To give them the
vitamins and calcium they need. And the pulp free taste kids love. From minute
maid. Hey, good morning, guys. Hey, good morning. Oh, i see you've opened the
primer. Let's get this primer on the walls. The color on top is gonna be
lighter. I had them tint it a little bit darker so we'll know where we've been.
oh, my god, that looks so yummy. How high can i go 6 is that enough 6 i think it
i wonder if i can pour the whole gallon of paint into the tray. These are
questions that i want to know the answers to. A paint tray can hold slightly
more than a gallon of paint. How about that 6 we're livin' and we're learnin'.
can you guys paint the walls now 6 frank: Did they paint this apartment
themselves 6 you know, that's a very interesting question. I didn't ask them. I
really wanted to ask them that. Because this is such a green color. Yes, it is.
well, believe it or not, they paid somebody to have the apartment painted. They
did 6 i'm just gonna pour paint all day. It looks like fun. Just look cute and
pour, okay 6 i don't know about looking cute, but i'll pour. 6 laughs 6 this
color is just so perfect because it's the spiritual color of the chakra. It's
the highest energy power. And since the twins are psychic and they read, they're
a very high vibration. Essentially, a color can assist you 6 your crown chakra
is the purples, the lavenders. That's the highest point. Okay, we didn't want
too big because the space is small. Oh, it's adorable. Oh, i'm so glad you said
that. And there's a lot of glass beads. Oh, my god. Oh, i'm so glad 6 6 i'm glad
said that. Do you all remember when you had to do the psychic reading for doug,
and you had to write your impressions down 6 terry and linda did one for me,
also. I had melissa write some things down, okay 6 she did a reading of me, and
then i had her write some things down that she gathered from being in my
presence. This is riding 6 6 something is riding on this. So open the envelope.
if the first prediction is right, i get more money for a really nice rug. If she
correct, she gets two custom-made sisal seagrass rugs to cover up this nasty
rental carpet. All right, now, read what they said. Okay. "you are looking at
the sale or purchase of a piece of property in the coming year." is this true,
frank 6 it's very true. Look, he's got goose bumps. Goose bumps. When terry and
linda hit me dead-on, there was a feeling of "oooh," and then it was just like,
"wow, that is, like, really so cool." we, right now, rent an office space in a
warehouse. We'd like to combine it so we can... That's gonna happen. The rug is
ours. It is so ours. Yay 6 0 0 0 did a good job. Doug will produce a program and
is that true 0 any thoughts on that, doug 0 well, i am working on a few things.
doug: All right, so she's on the right track, which is close enough for me
because, you know, i want those things in the room. But, hell, close enough,
right 0 she gets the rug 0 yay 0 thank god. We're gonna faux-finish this wall...
0 0 0 and the bar walls in this silver. This color has too much of a
nursery-school look to it. So what i thought i'd do is, by using it as a base
color 0 0 we can put silver over this and then bring it back down. This is just
the base color. What we're gonna do, linda, is we are gonna make the 0 0 it's
sort of the base unit for that table. Now, it's, like, a resin table, and doug's
a great idea because, you know, you can see through it. And we'll put, like,
some lights in the back of it, because this table, instead of being like a table
is, we're gonna flip it on an upright. Dip your brush in this glazing mixture.
then take a cloth and get as much as you can off. I see what's going on. Then
you just brush it back and forth, like, crisscross right over it like this. Is
this okay like this 0 yeah, it's perfect. Too thick. Too thick 0 i'm sorry. No,
don't be 0 0 this is your first time. Well, we want this thing to be really
heavy, and we also want this table to sit right inside this little crack. Now,
the table's only an inch thick, okay 0 i've already plunge-cut the saw, so i'm
gonna have you cut a perfectly straight line. Carter: I had linda cut a nice
straight line down the top of the foundation so we can inset this table, and she
a perfect job. I actually was gonna go back and do the other side, but she did
both, and it was beautiful. Nice job. Yeah 0 all right 0 and she said she wanted
celestial in it. This will help make this thing a little bit... You're going in
a circle. Don't do that. You don't like the circle 0 no, i don't. That was
surly, wasn't it 0 sorry about... 0 laughs 0 take the rag and do this... In
different directions, like that, to get some texture. Like a bad hairdo 0 0 i
get it. 0 laughs 0 okay. So, i think we're pretty good on this end. Now, this
piece is so imperative that it fits nice and tight that, actually, if you go
under that side, pick this top off, and what it's gonna do now is it's actually
going to sink into this hole that we just cut right here, lock into this little
piece. You'll never see these little clamps down here, okay 0 frank: Did you
know when you met her that she was psychic 0 no, i actually knew right away that
was the person i was gonna be with, 'cause she was really, really special. And
then i was dating somebody else, and she told me, she's like, "get rid of the
blond lady," and that's just what did it 'cause i didn't even know that she knew
i was dating somebody else. She had a feeling, or she just knew from the
grapevine 0 she goes, "that lady is not good for you." and look at that. So,
this is a huge piece. That's gorgeous, carter. This whole table is gonna sit
right up top here. This is gonna cantilever over a little bit out like that.
you're gonna have shelves. We'll finish off these shelves. And then we'll put
that huge table. That resin thing. Humongous. What psychic would not like this 0
are my sunshine, my only sunshine. You make me happy when skies are gray. 0
female announcer 0 for sunshine when skies are gray and sun protection when
they're not, new olay touch of sun, a moisturizer with a touch of sunless tanner
a glow that builds gradually with each application, plus spf 15 so your skin is
protected. Love the sun-kissed skin you're in with new olay touch of sun. And
for a sun-kissed glow all over, try touch of sun body lotion. 15 female
announcer 15 he's different. What if your pill were different too 15 yasmin is
over 99 99 effective... At preventing pregnancy. But it's the only birth control
made with the unique hormone drsp. This unique hormone... Could increase
potassium in some women. Therefore, you should not take yasmin... If you have
kidney, liver or adrenal disease... As this could cause serious heart and health
if you take medication for cardiovascular... Or inflammatory disease, have your
potassium level checked... In the first month of taking yasmin. The pill does
not protect against hiv... Or sexually transmitted diseases. Women, especially
over 35 , should not smoke. Serious risks include blood clots, stroke... And
heart attack. Your doctor can tell you more about yasmin with drsp... So ask if
it's right for you. And enjoy your month. Rain or shine. Yasmin with drsp. It's
what's inside that counts. Production assistance provided by the home depot. You
do it. We can help. Ladies, we are building the built-in bookcases, all right 35
already built a couple right over there. We have to build two more and a couple
other things. So i'm gonna show you guys how to build these bookcases. Great.
what we're gonna do is we're gonna take this, and we're gonna upholster this.
since there's two of them, i thought we'd do two separate pieces. And since
they're representational artists of quite a bit of talent, i thought i would do
something nonrepresentational representing them. Now, can you guys tell me
anything about me and my former life 35 oh, definitely. You had a lot of former
lives. You've had more lives on this earth than i have. You're an old soul, er.
i'm an old soul 35 now, are old souls good 35 it's a good thing. I'm not that
old right now. Don't start throwing stuff out there. People might get the wrong
idea. This is a solution. It's a decoupage medium. And all you have to do 35 35
now, this will go on very milky. Have you ever used this before 35 oh, yes, yes,
course i have. Okay, just put a goodly amount on there. Do you want me to start
on this one 35 please, if you would. And all you have to do 35 35 the hard part
of this whole thing is peeling these things off. Yes, because they like to get
stuck together, yes. Is this gonna work 35 i think it's gonna work beautifully.
now, tell me this. Is doug gonna like it 35 oh, yeah. Doug will like it once
it's in there. You know, it's that you are so good frank, because you make it
look so easy. It is easy. It is easy. Now, we're gonna have to let this dry, and
have to come back to this and finish it. This is what i get about you, doug. I'm
gonna go with this. Go for broke. You are so 35 35 you're an alchemist. Mm-hmm.
you know, you're a magician. A magician 35 and you've done that in many past
lives. I was a magician before 35 yes. Egypt. Perfect. That's it. Great. Now,
what we're doing with these, guillermo, let me show you the drawings to give you
better idea, 'cause i know we kind of started cutting straightaway. This was
frank's concept of what he wants 35 35 the russian look. This is sort of a more
technical drawing, these are the side pieces that you and i just cut. You and i
are gonna make this and put the trim on this. Was i ever an upholsterer in a
past life 35 i'm sure of it. I feel like i was. I can tell you when, but i have
to write it. Yes, okay. Interesting. Was i italian 35 hmm. Not in that life. You
an upholsterer in the 19 th century, and it was in america. But you've been
involved in the arts. Was i ever a king 19 oh, that's funny you would ask. No.
was i a queen 19 19 laughs 19 perfect. You're enjoying yourself, aren't you 19
yeah, i'm really having a blast. Good. Let me go fasten again. Do people tell
you that you sound like scarface when you speak 19 now, i have to say, i'm not a
fan of the light fixture. 19 laughs 19 does that bother you guys 19 no, are you
kidding 19 we like it, and that's all that matters. I think there's some, you
know... As a room comes together, it changes. That artwork kind of has changed
things for me and how i visualize the space and that light fixture. So if
melissa gets this right 19 19 and i'm sure she will 19 19 then i'm gonna change
the light fixture. And say hello to my little friend. Watch your fingers. All
right. All the way down. Whoa. You like it, frank 19 i love it. I think you've
created a monster here. He won't give me the gun back. Walk away from the gun.
shall we open this 19 yes, do. You guys read it. Okay, you read it. And the
envelope, please. "doug needs to take more b-complex, "and needs more greens and
juice, chlorophyll, and vegetables." what 19 okay, i don't know. I think i take
my b-complex. I take multivitamins and supplement it with additional "e" and "b"
"c" and whatever. So i think she's wrong there. 0 okay. What can we do 0 enh 0
well, wait a minut maybe she is right. I don't want that light fixture in there.
it 0 all right, here it is. This is envelope number 2 frank: If the second
envelope was correct, we would get more money for carpentry, which we really did
because we had some finials that were all over the furniture that, like, was 2
100 we needed that prediction. You will be writing a book and publishing by 2007
it's very difficult to judge these predictions because of the fact that, you
know, they're predictions. I would have to come back in 2007 to collect my
money, and i've got two days. And i've got the money, and i want it now. True
2007 i think i better start my notes right now because we got finials. Oh, good.
i didn't know you were writing a book. I'm starting it now, okay 2007 i will
write a book. And this fourth one will just sit right in there. Oh, that looks
beautiful. Yeah, of course, it was supposed to come out here so it, you know,
balances that on the other side, but carter neglected to actually build it out
that far. But that's all right. You know what 2007 he's pretty. Isn't that
beautiful 2007 faber, that is gorgeous. I think once it's stained, it'll be...
fabulous job. Your homework is going to be this. Paint this white, okay 2007 all
trim 2007 2007 i mean, all the bookcases. You guys did such a nice job on the
trim and the doors, as if you guys have been painting all your life. Well, we
really kind of have. How many lives 2007 many, many. Thousands and thousands of
lives. All right, for homework, you have to stain all these pieces. And you're
gonna stay and help them, right 2007 so i'm going to just take my little
butterfly-like form and fly to the hotel. Y'all were amazing. Faber, gorgeous
stuff. Here i go. Thank you, frank. I'll see you in the morning. I will be here
with bells on. The first day with frank was terrific. For homework tonight, we
have to stain the beautiful piece that faber made for the dining-room section.
guillermo: Are you developing new muscles and good arms from this kind of thing
2007 no, i'm just one big, flaccid lump. Tonight, our homework 2007 2007 doug
has assigned us to paint all four bookcases and that base for the resin table.
linda: We have to paint this table. And that's a big project because they're
huge. Fortunately, i love to paint. Yeah, she does. I can let you do it, right,
and go to bed 2007 are you getting any vibe about what's going on at your place
2007 are you feeling anything 2007 i have a feeling that they're also painting
this piece of furniture. Now that you know how to do this, i want you guys to
tackle that on your own. In the morning, we're gonna do the doors. There's one
surface we're not supposed to paint on this, and i think it's the top. The top
and the bottom. You didn't do that, did you 2007 melissa: Guillermo, i think
that this looks great. I think we're done. Let's go and celebrate. Let's
celebrate. Linda: Tomorrow, we're looking ndrward to it. We're in the
homestretch. Can't wait to see how they react. I can't wait to see our place.
looks pretty good, don't you think 2007 yeah, i'm pret pleased with it. Maria
bergman's nature valley. Lost horse creek, bitter route range, montana. Where's
yours 2007 100 100 natural, whole grains, delicious. Nature valley granola bars.
energy bar nature intended. I'm gonna need all this 100 not that much slugger,
this'll do it. 100 male announcer 100 less is more... With charmin ultra. That's
it's more absorbent, so you can use less, than this regular quilted brand. Good
save 100 charmin ultra- best for bear bottoms. Cha cha cha ultra. Charmin 100
100 female announcer 100 it's not an inject >i 29 this new age-defyer 29
rrrrrjrr 29 irrrrrrrrrrr rrr: New gray solution, only by nice 'n easy. Rrr:fr 2
2 fr >r rrfb 2 r21 jr 2 2 rrrr who have more than half gray. An instant
pre-treatment lets you expose the grays so they take maximum color. It's like
taking ten years off. Lively, youthful hair color, and even the tough grays are
gone but good. Nice 'n easy does it again with our ultimate age-defyer.
salon-quality gray solution, new from clairol. Rr hello 2 oh, hi, doug. Hi, how
are you guys 2 just fine. Ugh, i had a night, let me tell you. You're in l.a.
here, you know. I don't get a chance to, like, do the clubs and stuff here, so
i, you know, i was out a little late. Good morning. Boy, y'all are hard at it.
how are you 2 oh, really well. All the homework's done, i see. Absolutely.
didn't we do a good job 2 oh, i'm telling you, it looks like something you'd buy
a furniture store. I mean, i know faber's a professional furniture maker. Now,
we have to get the books and stuff on these shelves, so is this gonna dry in
time 2 it's pretty much dry, i think. It's almost dry already. Did you guys have
predictions or anything happen to you last night while you were sleeping 2 who
was sleeping 2 we were painting all night. Oh, sorry. We were up all night,
thanks to you. We've got this whole room to do. We got a lot to get together
here in a short amount of time. So i'm gonna go get some stuff, and y'all
continue in here. And then i'll come and help you or whatever we need to do, so
keep doing what you're doing. I'll be right back momentarily. Thank you, frank.
clarify this for me. What we're gonna do is do this artwork thing, and you
channeled some information 2 yeah, i channeled, actually, a poem for melissa
from her spirit guides 2 2 and, uh, as i often have done in my readings. Did
that cost her any money to have that tour guide 2 it's not a tour guide. It's a
spirit guide. Okay. Oh, frank, i'm so excited. This is gonna be beautiful. Well,
sitting at the new dining table. And i'm telling you, look at how close these
leather chairs match the sofa. I mean, that same color range. And then these are
cushions that will go on those sofas, because this had, like, a really sort of
boldish print. So we covered them with that. And then these are the very frilly,
curtains that will go into the living room in this beige-y tone, which will also
up the colors we're using in the carpet. So, basically, they're getting new
dining-room furniture, new living-room furniture, and some hot sewing from us,
too. Here, you guys do this, and what i'm gonna do is go alert carter as to the
fact that he has to build a frame to go around this. We've already told him
telepathically. Well, what am i here for 2 2 laughing 2 they do a lot more than
readings. They also do, like, artwork, and they have some really interesting
photography. Matter of fact, i'd love to have an original psychic twins artwork.
jamison original in your house 2 jamison original in our house. Maybe you ought
to sort of get connected with doug and see if you can send that out to him.
yeah, i've got to send the message. Please give us an original. 2 both laugh 2
doug: What do we have here 2 oh, we have a channeled poem for melissa. "grampy's
melissa, yes, you are our angelic messenger"... "whose pure heart radiates
divine light "to all suffering souls. "we are all your constant, loving
companions and friends in love, the realm of one." okay. That's beautiful. Now
we're gonna finish these that we've done. We're gonna antique these in the
silver, and we're gonna put this right here. Oh, frank, it's gonna be beautiful.
just gonna give this a really good coat of silver, and it's gonna gloss it. And
the minute you get it on, we're gonna take a towel. We're gonna wipe it off. And
how it stays in the crevices like that 2 yes. Doug: How's that going 2 linda:
oh, really well. Now we have this all ready to roll, and it's all nice and
tight. Didn't we talk about this space here being the same on that side as this
space on this side 2 yes, but you told me to take it upon myself to think
outside of the box, so i'm doing that today. No, i didn't say 2 2 why cover up
an actual little switch here, which turns the lights on and off 2 all you have
to do is pick this up and work with the edges the same way. I always do one at a
it's easier than trying to flip and flip. You'll drive yourself crazy. Okay. And
technique of putting, leaving 2 2 putting... 2 muttering 2 2 imitates muttering
2 2 laughs 2 carter, live and learn. Here, let me teach you a little something.
this is what we do in the industry. The bookshelf actually makes an "l" shape,
and on one wall, it has a light switch on it. You take the bookcase out this
far. You open aopening in the back so you can just 2 2 huh, what a novel idea 2
2 reach around and flip the switch on. Well, now he says he wants me to cover
it, but i've already built it to not cover a light switch. Somebody comes in the
they say, "gosh, this bookshelf is in the way." and then there's all these books
here, and then people put their car keys on the shelf. Who covers a light switch
a bookshelf 2 it's not practical. It's bad design. Put down the hair
conditioner. Hone the carpentry skills. That's design school 101 doug wilson,
you should know this by now. Carter, i hope you wake up every morning and thank
god that you're pretty. Oh 101 whoa 101 easy, there, buddy. Man 101 i'm just
thinking of the homeowners, here. Maybe you should start doing them. Perfect,
perfect, perfect. Right on. Yeah 101 yeah. I can see better from my angle than
you can. I don't know why i chose this rooftop. Maybe it's because i like the
landscape. Oh, the landscape 101 101 the vistas are beautiful. All right, now,
see 101 together, they'll work beautifully. I was having some psychic
inspiration about you a little bit earlier. You know who your spirit guide is
101 whoa, whoa, my what 101 your spirit guide. It's like a spirit helper. Yours
is an iroquois indian named black feather. Black feather 101 and you knew him in
iroquois life. He calms you down sometimes, when you're really under times of
stress. Could black feather help a little more 101 we got to get this over with.
doing a great job with his hair. Whoa 101 enough on the ir. Come on. Now, this,
the legs 101 101 i bought because i like that curvy shape. And i don't know if
we should leave them. This is a little too flat and industrial. It needs either
to be painted a flat wrought-iron black. Guillermo: We're just gonna follow your
and makehese more like a kind of gold-brown, sort of distressed with a little
bit more texture so it doesn't look as flat. I'm open for any suggestion. I just
the shape of this table, and i think it's such a good size. Yeah, look at how
great these drawers are. They can put their notebooks in there. Wait, was black
feather doug 101 black feather what 101 doug 101 no. No, doug was your nemesis
in a former life. Oh, wow. Okay. I didn't, like, steal his wife in a former life
something like that, did i 101 no, i think you may have killed him, though. Oh,
no 101 it's coming out nice. Is that kind of what you were envisioning 101 just
a little darker, and then we can take this and actually scrape through the paint
scrape through that. It looks old. Exactly, and just, like, rusty. Ay-yi-yi. Oh,
is a heavy... Okay, so let's put this in up here, probably the easiest way to go
towards me just a tad. There we go. Let me find out where the track is. Oh, wow.
you did that great. All right, here, be careful. Do you have it 101 yep, i got
it. All right, now, what we're gonna have to do 101 101 if you'll set that down,
come and join you because we have our third envelope. I think this looks really
good. I think it looks good right now 101 101 the green against the white 101
101 but the final touching. Here we go. That looks beautiful. Okay, here we go.
all right. Okay. This is important. You will be focusing on expanding your tv
work and entering a larger stage in two years. This will include developing a
line of home goods or products. The third envelope, in my opinion, was shameless
butt-kissing, but i'm not above that. If it comes to money for that room, they
got it. You know what 101 i'm making the rules. It's my show. The chandelier is
ours. What do you say 101 let's put it up. Rr olrr "6alrannouncer 101 just
because you've got a lot of clean 101 rrr t>rdorr rrrrr doesn't mean you need a
full sized paper towel to do it. Bounty select-a-size. Rrr:rzna n 101 rrrr each
sheet is 45 45 smaller. R: But rrr lab tests prove that, when wet, oujrl72rl 45
r 45 rlrionger than their full sized sheet. Rrrr ry > 45 that cleans small
spil2rrrrr 45 rrrrrrlrrrrrrr rrr:rb >r 45 a6r 45 rrr rrr:fjrr jrfr rrfr 6 r
rrrrrr 6 instrumental rock music playing 6 brita filters out what weighs you
down. Feel what better water does for you. Rrr:rrn5 vrrrrrrrr:rr 6 r 6 r rrrb j
6 2 2 ::rrrr rr rr rr rrrr 2 r rrrrrrrrrrrr:rr 2 rrrrr 2 rrrrb 2 rrrrrr 2 rrrrr
rrr:rj rr rr rz 0 :: Rr rrr: >r0 0 r 0 qrrrr rrr:rr 0 rvvv6 frrrrr rrr:frnm
furrfr 0 r21 rrrrrrr:fj"r :rv9 rrfb 0 r rr 0 r 0 q 0 r rr treme toothpaste with
50 50 more scope for irresistibly fresh breath. R: F: Xr rrrr 8 ; 8 8 8 o rr
rrr:fr:9 :r rrfr 8 r rr 8 r 8 q 8 r rrjj bq rrrr rr to clean messes like this,
homeowners on "trading spaces" use one small sheet of bounty select-a-size 8 8
the smaller, quicker picker-upper. All right, this is the last piece, which
we're gonna put in that little niche right there. Sounds good to me. And then
you and i are gonna put the doors on this big thing, here. Okay. Carter, what do
think of our chandelier 8 did we put that in 8 yes, we did. I love it. Do you
not like it 8 no, no, no, i do. See 8 he likes it. All right, that's one door.
we got to put the hardware on. We got to wax it. We got to put 1 , 2 , 3 , 4
more doors on and drop the shelf in. We still got lots of work to do, so let's
get going. See how it grounds the whole thing now 4 i love it. Love it 4 where's
sofa 4 girls, downstairs. Get the sofa. Bring it up. A few more. You want to
line it up here 4 oh, that fits nice. You can still see a lot. Yeah, it looks
great. Okay, we're gonna want one ring to the outside, one ring to the outside.
are you there 4 i saw this star, and i thought, "you know what 4 this would be
perfect in this space." however, it won't necessarily be in this space if
melissa is wrong. Okay, melissa wrote in the number-3 envelope that i'm going to
all obstacles. Well, i know that i transcended this obstacle. I mean, look at
the room. Well, uh... How can i argue with that 4 she's right. She gets the
star. I think maybe a little closer to the sofa. Beautiful. Doug, you can do
your hair in front of the mirror. All right. And we'll spin it. Watch that
chandelier. Where shall we put this 4 right there. And...we're done. 4 cheering
4 finally. All right, let's get these apples on the table. They're fabulous. It
brings out the kitchen. All right. Now...we're done. I have teams that
contribute, but y'all contributed. I mean, you even worked on the color palette
for us to go with. Guillermo, you were just a fireball for suggestions. The idea
the diaphanous curtains 4 4 perfect. And then, of course, faber, you and
guillermo did an amazing job. Faber: What the girls are gonna like is they do
have their own separate little workstations, so they can do their own thing, and
they've got the storage in the middle. Great place for parties. This room is now
frank. This is all opened up. I left this space open because they can have
entertainment here. Look how big the room is now. The bar is functional now.
melissa: They can do yoga here. They can meditate. That's a great idea, the
meditation right next to the bar. Meditate, then have a cocktail. I'm nervous.
i'm nervous, too. I'm probably gonna cry. I just can't wait. I'm so excited to
see it. I just have the best feeling because of the people that were involved
over there. I'm nervous. Oh, my god. Oh, it's beautiful. Oh, look, the artwork.
oh, my god. Look 4 that's beautiful. I can't believe how beautiful. Frank: I
think they like it. I think they like it. Terry, they gave us a bar. Oh, they
got rid of all that crap 4 oh, my god. It's a real bar in the house. Oh, we got
a kitchen table. That's the first kitchen table we've ever had. We've never
had... This is amazing. Oh, my god, terry, look. Oh, my god. It's beautiful 4
frank 4 4 laughter 4 i guess you like it. You don't even know. I'm a screamer
and a crier. Oh, faber, my god. Do you like the color 4 oh, you don't know. I
love it. Frank: Well, you now have 4 4 faber built that unit for you. It's a
place to store your art supplies. There's a desk on each side to work in. On
either side, so you can do your work. Organize your lives. And guillermo 4 4
that chandelier was gonna go up over anybody's body. I love that. That was his
idea. Thanks to your prediction, we got the money to buy it. What do you think
of the couches 4 terry: I'm overwhelmed. There could not be a better color for
us. They're perfect. You did exactly what we we wanted. Do you feel comfortable
in this space 4 are you gonna love living in this space now 4 i'm never gonna
leave. I don't want to go out. They loved it. And i predicted it, too. I am so
happy with this room 4 4 well, both of these rooms. That is the crowning jewel 4
the resin tabletop turned into artwork. Carter: It looks like it was made for
this entire piece. Step into this cozy, cozy nook. It's enchanting. Yeah, it's
charming. It has a charm. Well, you know, you pull the curtains, and we've got
all that privacy for the readings. And then they have more bookshelves. What
they need 4 4 the bookshelves. They have plenty of shelving now for all of their
thank you, carter. Thank you. You did a really good job. You did great. And who
painted them 4 we did. Good job, you two. Melissa: My intuition tells me that
they've been picking up on what i really wanted to happen over there. I feel
like there was a brand-new chandelier that was brought in. I know that everybody
so hard. My prediction is they're gonna plotz. They're gonna love it. Oh, my
god. Oh, my god. This is so beauti-- oh, my god. Oh, my god, i'm so excited 4 i
love texture. And i love the 4 4 oh, my god. Oh, my god, are you kidding me 4 oh
bleep 4 what the hell did they do with 4 4 oh, my god, and we got original
artwork from the twins. Look at this. I'm so excited. 4 laughs 4 frank: She
wanted it so bad. And remember i said to you 4 4 look 4 4 "i love that as art,"
and they did it as art. And look at the draperies. This is gorgeous. This is so
romantic. And you know what's the best part 4 oh, look, they gave us a
chandelier, too. Oh, my god. He likes it. He likes it. I'm sure they like the
chandelier. Look at the color. My god, they picked the most beautiful colors
over here. It's a beautiful touch. Oh, my god. I'm so excited, i'm shaking.
thank you so much. You like it 4 i love it. Guillermo 4 i knew it. Beautiful
work. I am shocked. I don't really like it. I love it. Carter: What do you think
that piece 4 that is magnificent. We had no idea how your tabletop would look
upright with, you know, light behind it, but it was a beautiful piece on its
own, and we just saw the potential in it. Hello, come in here. Oh, my god 4
thank you. We loved what you did. 4 indistinct conversations 4 thank you so
much. Doug: It was really happening within this episode that was unique and was
not like others. Read into that if you want. Okay, i don't know. That's deep,
man. I have to say that this is one of the proudest moments that i've had on
this show. We need a reading, all right 4 t 4 i want to find out what all of you
all of you psychics, feel about this whole experience and working with me,
carter, faber, and frank. So let's close this window and find out what the real
truth is. I got to get out of here. No, you're not leaving. Nobody's leaving.
frank, shut the door. Hey, i'm curtis stone. I'm dashing out to a market to pick
up, go back to their place, and cook an amazing meal, and then surprise someone
special. Let's go. 4 4 captions by vitac 4 4 www.vitac.com captions paid for by
discovery communications, inc. Hmm. Someone's in the produce section. Doing some
4 oh, yeah. Hi. My name's curtis. How are you 4 michelle. Nice to meet you.
sorry about this. I've got these 15 people with me. 15 chuckling 15 yes, i see.
i'm a chef, and i've lived in england for the last 10 years. Basically, i've
cooked in some of the best restaurants in europe, i've written a couple of
cookbooks, and what i want to do now is to offer my skills as a chef, make
someone's day, go back to their place, and cook a dinner. That sounds very
strange. Are you cooking dinner for someone tonight 10 yeah, i usually try to
make dinner for my husband. Yeah 10 what's his name 10 carlos. Carlos 10 yeah.
cool. So, i mean, this is the deal, right 10 i offer to help you with the
shopping. I pay for the groceries. We go back to your place. And we cook some
amazing gourmet dinner. So, when carlos gets home from work, he walks in, and
he's like, "there's a film crew there." i don't know. He will think that's gonna
so strange. 10 laughs 10 i don't know. I guess, you know 10 this is something
i've never done. He would be very surprised. Are you a good cook 10 i try. I
always make something kind of different or create something. We can come up with
different today, something a little bit out of the ordinary, put a smile on his
face with some nice food. Yeah, he will be very surprised. Let's go do some
shopping. My family's hungarian. Oh, really 10 i've got this really good recipe
for hungarian soup. It's like a meat-flavored soup. We might even stick a ham
hock in there. We'll make this gnocchi dough, fill it with ground pork. So, we
need some ground pork. Okay. And this is all naturally grown stuff. It's
naturally grown. Okay. I'm very excited. Have you got a ham hock 10 man: Sure.
could i have one 10 okay. Did you want it cracked 10 yeah, cracked will be good.
you very much. How big is it 10 10 a ham hock 10 it's basically a ham bone. You
sort of use it to flavor soups and stuff. And then i think just some nice
veggies. Mm-hmm. Do you know what 10 maybe a celery root. Okay. How does a
celery root look lhoe 10 i'll show you. Okay. That's a celery root. Okay. Big,
ugly mother. 10 chuckles 10 so, do you peel that 10 yeah. Look at it. A yeah, i
don't know how to eat that. These big bakers. Jumbo baked potatoes. Here you go.
the less you have to peel. Apples are in season now. We could do like 10 10 you
know phyllo pastry 10 yeah. The light pastry 10 yeah. We could almost make sort
of spring rolls out of some apples that we've cooked down with some sugar and
then get a natural yogurt 10 10 dip the spring rolls in the yogurt. So, you've
got the sweetness from the apples. That sounds really good. How many 10 two more
ew, that's the yucky one. Okay. I'm very picky. You're picky with your apples,
but you're still gonna take me home. Yeah. I have high expectations. There you
go. Where have you parked 10 just right out here. We can go out. My trunk is
pretty full. Let's have a look in the trunk. You can just stick it on this
pillow. What's with all the cushions 10 a long story. I moved a lot. I'm so
excited. I can't believe i'm doing this. We're gonna have fun. It's gonna be
cool. Now, there's a little shop that i want you to stop at on the way. Okay.
where did you guys meet 10 we actually met in the street. I know it sounds
pretty weird. But his friends came up to me and were like, "oh, our friend
thinks you're cute." and i was like, "okay, what do you want me to do 10 " you
know 10 and for some reason 10 10 it's unlike me 10 10 but i gave him my number.
after, like, a couple years of calling, i finally went out with him. Yeah. Yeah.
here 10 yeah, perfect. So, i'm gonna run in. I'll just be a minute. Why don't
you phone carlos now 10 okay. Can't tell him what we're doing. I won't. It's got
be a surprise. How much fun's michelle 10 so bubbly. Said that she's nervous and
but i don't believe that for a second. 10 telephone rings 10 hey. Carlos: Hey.
what's up 10 nothing. What's up with you 10 nothing. What are you doing 10 yeah,
wish you could have had the day off. What time do you think you'll be home, just
6 :30-ish or something 6 oh, i don't know. Maybe we'll go to the gym together or
'cause i love you. Okay. Love you, too. Bye. Kneading gloves. I'm gonna get them
her. This is fun. Actually, what we're gonna do is we're gonna roll out the
gnocchi dough. 6 chuckles 6 thanks very much. Have a good day. A pink rolling
pin and kneading gloves. 6 chuckles 6 how girly. Okay. Okay, we're good. Okay,
so, what did you get 6 surprises. Did you phone carlos while i was in the shop 6
yeah, i did. What did he say 6 i just wanted to make sure what time he was
coming home or about, and he said around 6 :30. But he's like, "why are you so
happy 6 it's in your tone of voice." i was like, "oh, no reason." 6 laughs 6
so... And have you lived up this way for long 6 for a little bit, but it's
small, so i'm excited that we're gonna move and have a bigger place. Wicked.
cool. Oh. 6 chuckles 6 got it. For a smarter way to store things, we designed
the pods container. We deliver it. You pack it in your own time. We then store
it away. Safe, easy, pods-- for moving and storing. What a cool little place.
yeah. Can you get the lights 6 where are the lights 6 sure. They're right over
here, so you know. Look, i can get all this unpacked and sorted out if you want
to go have a shower and take your time. You go for it. Take your time. Thank
you. Stone: Today we're gonna try and make a hearty hungarian soup with
meat-filled dumplings and for dessert, crispy apple spring rolls. How'd she go 6
you look gorgeous. Oh, thank you. Let's begin with a stock for our hungarian
soup. I got some of this beef stock, and you stick these into a pan. And this is
ham hock. I'm just gonna throw that in. So, what time does carlos get home from
work 6 he should be home about 6 :30, maybe a little bit early. We're gonna have
pull those blinds, shut that window. Yeah, shut everything so he won't have an
idea, and this one especially in the kitchen. Drives up the driveway. "who's
that strange dude in my house 6 " how do you like my new husband 6 6 chuckles 6
what's he like 6 is he pretty relaxed 6 yeah, he's relaxed. He's fun. He's a
people person, you know. So, i think he'll like this. It'll be funny. I'm gonna
cover it with a bit of water. All right, so, we've got our ham hocks in the
stock, and that's gonna bubble away. Okay. Next, our hungarian dumplings. What
we're gonna do is pour a bit of salt. So, you cover the tray in salt. Wow. Put
the potatoes on. And what the salt's gonna do is help to take some of that
moisture away. So, pop that in the oven. Okay. Now i need a bowl. A bowl. Okay,
we have plenty of those. Yeah. Ooh, sorry. This is the ground pork. We're gonna
get the spice into here. Okay. The hungarian experience, so let's get some
paprika. Okay. That good 6 more 6 a bit more. I'm gonna put plenty of salt, a
little bit of the chili. That's good. Should i mix this 6 yeah. With what 6 with
hands. Really 6 yeah. Ew. No, i'm just joking. This is fun. I wanted to get
dirty. 6 laughs 6 and then that's the mixture that's gonna go inside the
dumplings. Put a bit of cling film on it, or cling wrap, and pop it in the
fridge. We can just chop up some of these veggies. So, all of these ingredients
are gonna be making the stock, which is gonna end up being the soup. Come on.
okay, okay. 6 chuckles 6 you want me to peel these 6 yeah. I love this thing.
it's cool, isn't it 6 mm-hmm. Can i get by you for a moment 6 'course you can.
the cooking dance. Yeah, it is. Now, this big, ugly mama 6 6 it's a celery root,
in french, we call it a celeriac. We're gonna cut maybe this much, dice this up,
pop it into the soup, as well. Okay. And we put this whole board with everything
it over here... Okay. 0 0 0 and wait for our soup to be ready for it. Great. The
and the most exciting part of the day is making the dessert. Okay. So, we've got
some sugar, vanilla. Okay. Here's some cloves. Okay. So, the best way to do the
apples 0 0 grab one. Okay. Cut straight down that side. So, i'm just sort of
gonna cut them up into wedges 0 0 fairly thin. Get a little bit of sugar. Okay.
pour it in 0 sprinkle that into the pan. Okay. And then just throw the apples on
of the sugar. Let's give them a stir. And then as soon as they start to cook,
some of that moisture will start to come out. You can give it a stir. I'm gonna
put a couple of cloves in. So, put in three. Michelle: Oh, okay. If you don't
take them back out, they can just 0 0 if you bite on one, it can be a bit too
strong. Do you know what i mean 0 this is the other thing i'm gonna put in 0 0
vanilla bean. Let me feel. Give it a rub. Oh, i feel it. So, just stick it down,
i'll cut it open. You split it sort of lengthwise. And give it another little...
black 0 taste the vanilla. It's strong. So, you put the whole pod in. And see
how it's starting to dry up 0 yeah. Okay. Because we're gonna bake them in the
oven again once they're in the pastry, you don't want them to be too overcooked.
so, can you just pour them 0 yeah. Now, remember what i said about the cloves 0
mm-hmm. They're your friend as long as you get them out of there. So, we'll sit
this to one side. I think we need to melt those two. Do you want it, like,
bubbly hot 0 just as long as it's liquid. And we can start our phyllo. Now, this
t phyllo pastry. What we do is just take one layer, but what we do 0 0 so, get
the butter and be really generous. Do you double it or just one 0 you triple it.
it, okay. So, you give that another brush. Okay. Cool. What we're gonna do 0 0
we're gonna cut it in half. So, get some of your apples and put them down on the
then you sort of fold up, and so you've got a bit of a sausage going on. You're
actually gonna turn this side in. Okay. And then just carry on with the roll.
how long have you been cooking 0 about five minutes, by the look of that spring
roll. 0 both laugh 0 yours are pretty 0 0 prettier than mine. 0 chuckles 0
welcome to my cooking show. 0 both laugh 0 i'm gonna get a tray. Why don't you
call and figure out exactly where he is 0 0 beep 0 hey. Carlos: Hey. Are you
leaving 0 yeah. What are you doing 0 okay, i'll see you in a little bit. Bye.
he's on his way here, so we have to hurry up.
